Read desc for details. (#2845)
umbraco/UmbracoDocs: Umbraco-Heartcore/Getting-Started-Cloud/Environments/index.md

# Environments

In this article, you can learn more about how to work with environments on your Umbraco Heartcore project.

Having multiple environments means that you have a place to test both your content and the content structure before deploying it to the production environments, from where the content is served to your application. 

## What is an environment?

> An environment on a Heartcore project can be defined as a *workspace* and is at the same time a Git repository. When you have more than one environment on your project, these environments will act as branches of the master repository.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An environment on a Heartcore project can be defined as a *workspace* and is at the same time a Git repository. When you have more than one environment on your project, these environments will act as branches of the main repository.
```

* Mini: 1 environment (Live)
* Starter: 2 environments (Development and Live)
* Professional: 3 environments (Development, Staging, and Live)

> * Enterprise: Custom number of environments. You can contact us by [using this form](https://umbraco.com/umbraco-heartcore-pricing/buy-umbraco-heartcore-enterprise/) if you're interested in the Enterprise plan.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Enterprise: Flexible number of environments. You can contact us by [using the Umbraco Heartcore Enterprise form](https://umbraco.com/umbraco-heartcore-pricing/buy-umbraco-heartcore-enterprise/) if you're interested in more information about the Enterprise plan.
```
